Hello everyone and today I would like to do
review on fifa 16 but more precisely on
Beta Fifa Mobile now it will be
so called and at the moment she
Only available in the Canadian appstore.
but create an account there will not be
no work in general I will not tell you about
it says i would like to share
did you like your personal opinion
this game is me or not in general, all by yourself
find out i will try not given video in
one take because not stupid
limit here and so looks
the main menu in this game as you can see
everything is in english but it seems to me
Official Vader Lisa September 22
there will be a Russian version let's
play the match in the offline division I
I am the eighth and now I will show you
unfortunately your woman’s female team
this part of the favela price range now we
we can hardly buy any mod coupling
Chinese and so on
the only carriage know is bald of
bothers
and it costs 13 thousand gold coins to me
it seems this nonsense of the number 15 he would
cost a maximum of one and a half thousand to give you
let's play a match press contain we are here
we can change our composition
but also just press advance as in
Feb 15 and here we can just play
match or choose a quick simulation
choose a form
I 'll take the white one my opponent will take
some blue and red went
management became the same as in 15
part of us is a strike button
tackle when we don't have a sprint sword and
skill coupling is we can do feints
I think I need tablets smartphones
it looks like something stupid and still
as on Feb. 15 and here it is decided ps we just
we can take the ball and run away from everyone
defenders
I will be silent now because it is difficult
simultaneously comment on play and you
just can enjoy the gameplay 16
parts
rays
that's all if you liked this
video then put your thumb up
Good luck everyone, bye everyone